Add missing note (#557)
CERT-Polska/mwdb-core: docs/oauth-guide.rst

- Valid Redirect URLs: ``https://<mwdb core url>/oauth/callback``
- Minimal required scope: ``email, profile``

.. note::

>     Using the OpenID Connect protocol requires the appropriate set  value `` base_url`` in configuration.
>     This value is used for generating ``redirect_uri`` therefore it is essential for authentication in that way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using the OpenID Connect protocol requires `` base_url`` to be set in configuration.
    This value is used for generating ``redirect_uri`` therefore it is essential to authenticate that way.
```
